Wow I know your voice I heard you've got
a bridge I know what a girl sound like
you ain't never done this before
intimidation move look man these guys
are selling weapons that are crazy
dangerous they can't just be out on the
streets look if one of them can just cut
down 1/4 day gonna happen no Bill
Maher's yeah the best sandwich in Queens
sohave is pretty good Wow too much bread
I like bread come on man please do
pretty interrogation more Karen don't
ever do that again
the other night you told that dude if
you're gonna shoot somebody shoot me
it's pretty ballsy
I don't want those weapons in this
neighborhood I got a nephew who live
here who are these guys what can you
tell me about the guy with the wings
other things a psychopath dressed like a
demon nothing I don't know who he is or
where he is
I dunno where he's gonna be really yes
crazy dude I used to work with he's
supposed to be doing a deal with him yes
hey hey I didn't tell you where you
don't have a location right of course
oh yeah my bad silly just yeah crazy
can I give you some advice hmm you got
to get better at this part of the job I
understand I'm intimidating Staten
Island Ferry I love it oh that's soon
hey that's gonna dissolve in two hours
no no no go fix this two hours you
deserve that I got ice cream you're a
criminal
finest crudo
[Music]